Over the course of the semester I gained new skills from a First Year Writing class that I would never have learned if I had not taken this class. When I first found out I was taking Digital Reading and Digital Writing I did not know what it was about. After the first couple of classes I started to understand what we were going to achieve in this class. Not only did I learn how to analyze a text analytically but I also learned about greek mythology, Plutarch, and about the schools resources. 

I learned about Greek mythology, history and culture. I have always been interested in greek mythology and about the culture. I learned about Plutarch, a Greek-Roman writer during the 2nd century A.D. I was introduced to his group of essays called The Bravery of Women. He accounts for stories of women in history leading, being brave, and fighting. In other history classes that I have taken there hasn’t been much about women and bravery but it is a key point in Plutarch’s writing. It was interesting to learn about these stories and to really try and understand them as much as we could. Over the course of the semester we learned about these stories, researched a specific one in depth, did a presentation on it, and wrote a paper on it. I chose The Women of Melos, which is an island included in the Cyclades. I chose this specific story because it interested me and because I had just visited the Cyclades islands in Greece in the summer. The greek islands that I visited are just a couple hours away from Melos. Before going to Greece I flew to Paris where I visited the Louvre. I saw the beautiful marble statue of Aphrodite named the Venus De Milo. I added it to my presentation with a photograph that I took of the statue. Because of this class I learned about a place from where a statue I had seen in person originated from. Also I learned more about a place in Greece that I had visited and learned about it’s history and culture. I was able to make these connections from past experiences that I can still learn from.
I have a base for conversations about Plutarch and some greek mythology. 

I think the most important thing that I can take away from this class is knowing how to use available resources. During class we went to the school library and learned about all of the scholarly sources that are available. I know how to find, request, and ask about the resources I am in need of. Also I learned about how many different sources there are; scholarly articles, journals, books, websites, databases, and more. Most freshmen and even a lot of upperclassmen do not know about all of the available resources. I will use this new found knowledge and apply it to all of my future classes. I now feel adept to go to the library and find a scholarly source for any assignment. If I. Had not taken this class I most likely would not know about these available resources. I also now have a better understanding of my laptop and what it can do. I was able to use it in ways that I had never even tried to before. I was basically running another computer on my laptop. I learned how to use the terminal and atom and gained basic knowledge of Linux. If I ever want a job that requires some basic knowledge of using a virtual machine like Linux or analyzing a text analytically I can apply. I now have a step up on other people competing for the same job because I know how to use Linux and analyze a text analytically, which most liberal arts college graduates don’t know how to do. I can carry these marketable skills with me through college and after. 

I have gained new skills from taking Digital Reading and Digital Writing. I learned about programing, analyzing texts analytically, greek mythology, and about the available resources at Furman. I learned about Plutarch and researched one of his stories about the bravery of women in depth. I analyzed the story word for word and wrote about it. I made a keynote presentation on my selected subject and presented it to the class. I wrote a paper about the same subject on a virtual machine. I practiced using the virtual machine and understanding it. I now have the marketable skill of using Linux which may help me in my future endeavors. This class was very unique in what was taught and I gained uncommon skills for a college freshman. 
